abdomen
abdominal cavity
abdominal wall
abnormality
abscess
absorbable monofilament
absorbable suture
absorbable sutures
acute cholecystitis
adenocarcinoma
adenopathy
adesiolysis
adhesiolysis
adhesion
adipose tissue
administered
adrenal gland
adrenal vein
adrenalectomy
adrenaline
advanced
air
air test
alimentary
alimentary limb
alors
amostasis
ampulla
anal canal
anal verge
anastomosis
anastomotic area
anatomical landmark
anatomical landmarks
anatomical structures
anchored
angle of his
anomaly
anterior abdominal wall
anterior approach
anterior dissection
anterior layer
anterior rectal wall
anterior traction
anterior vagus nerve
anterior wall
anti-mesenteric border
antrum
anvil
aorta
aponeurosis
appendectomy
approach
après
arcade
arterial branch
arterial branches
artery
arthroscope
ascended
ascending
ascending colon
ask
aspirate
aspiration
assessed
associated with
asthmosis
atraumatic grasper
augmented
avascular plane
avoids
avoir
axillary line
azygous vein
back wall
backwards
bag
balloon
barbed suture
basket
bear
beating
beaucoup
benign disease
bernard
betadine solution
bien
bifurcation
big vessel
bile
bile duct
bile duct injury
biliary limb
biliary loop
biliary tract
biliary tree
biliopancreatic limb
biopsy
bipolar cautery
bipolar coagulation
bipolar coterie
bipolar device
bipolar energy
bipolar forceps
bipolar grasper
bladder
bladder dissection
bladder wall
blade
bleed
bleeder
bleeding
bloc
blood
blood loss
blood supply
blood vessel
blood vessels
bloodless
blue cartridge
blunt dissection
blunt tip
body
bon
bone
bougie
bowel
bowel duct
bowel ducts
bowel loop
bowel loops
bowel segment
bowel wall
broad ligament
bronchus
bulge
burn
burr
bury
bypass
calibrate
calibration tube
callot
callot's triangle
callous triangle
cancer
cannula
capitate
capsula
capsule
car
carbon dioxide
carina
carotid artery
cartilage
cartridge
catching
catheter
caudate
cauterization
cauterized
cavity
cbd
cecum
cela
celiac axis
celiac trunk
cervix
cetera
cette
cette zone
change
changing
channel
checking
chest
chest tube
cholangiogram
cholangiography
cholecystectomy
cholecystitis
choose
circular muscle
circular stapler
cirrhosis
ciseaux
clamp
clamped
clamping
cleaned
cleanse
cleansing
clearance
cleavage plane
clip
clipped
clipping
closed
closure
coagulating hook
coagulation
cold scissors
collis
colon
colonic wall
colonoscopy
colorectal anastomosis
colorectal junction
colostomy
colotomy
colpotomy
come back
compare
compression
confirms
confluence
connective tissue
contact avec
continues
continuing
continuous suture
contraction
contrast medium
controlling
contrôler
conversion
cooper ligament
cooper's ligament
cord
costal margin
counter traction
cranial part
creates
creation
crural repair
crus
cuff
cul-de-sac
curvature
cut
cutting
cyst
cystic artery
cystic duct
cystic ducts
cystic plate
cystoscopy
côté
d'abord
damaged
dealing
decision
decreased
degree scope
degrés
delayed
department
deployed
derrière
descending colon
descending column
descending mesocolon
detach
detached
detaching
detect
detected
devascularization
diagnosed
diameter
diaphragm
diaphragmatic crura
diaphragmatic hiatus
diathermy
difficile
dilatation
dilated
dilation
diminish
direct vision
discharged
discover
dissected
dissecting
dissecting forceps
dissection
dissector
disséquer
distal division
distal extremity
distal margin
distal part
distal portion
distal rectum
distal sigmoid
distance
distension
diverticular disease
diverticulitis
diverticulum
divide
divided
dividing
division
dome
donc je vais
donc maintenant
doom
dorsal part
dorsal side
double j stent
doughnut
douglas
douglas pouch
douglas' pouch
douglas's pouch
drain
drainage
dressing
droit
dual knife
duct
duodenal jejunal flexure
duodenal stump
dysphagia
edema
eea
efferent
electrocautery
electrocortis
electrode
embryological plane
encircled
endo
endo-gia linear stapler
endogi
endogia
endoloop
endometrioma
endometriosis
endometriotic nodule
endopelvic fascia
endoscope
endoscopic control
endoscopic stapler
endoscopy
energy device
enlarged
enlarging
enterotomy
entrance
enucleation
epigastric vessel
epigastric vessels
epigastrics
ercp
erosion
esophageal
esophageal hiatus
esophageal mucosa
esophageal wall
evaluate
evaluated
evaluation
exactement
examination
excised
excision
expiration
expose
exposed
exposition
exposure
extended
exteriorized
external iliac artery
external iliac vein
external oblique
extracorporeal knot
extracorporeal knots
extract
extracted
extraction
extremity
fait
falciform
falciform ligament
fall
fascia
fascia propria
fat pad
fat tissue
fatty patient
fatty tissue
fenestration
fermer
fibrosis
fibrotic tissue
fibrous tissue
filling
fired
first suture
fissure
fistula
fit
fixation
fixed
fixing
flap
flexure
flip
fluorescence
fluoroscopy
foley catheter
follow
foramen
forceps
foreign body
freed
freeing
french
french bougie
french position
fundoplication
fundus
g-junction
gallbladder
gallbladder bed
gallbladder wall
ganglion
gastrectomy
gastric antrum
gastric band
gastric bypass
gastric conduit
gastric division
gastric fundus
gastric mobilization
gastric mucosa
gastric pouch
gastric remnant
gastric side
gastric tube
gastric wall
gastrocolic ligament
gastrocolic trunk
gastroduodenal artery
gastroesophageal junction
gastrohepatic ligament
gastrointestinal anastomosis
gastrojejunal anastomosis
gastrojejunostomy
gastrolysis
gastrophrenic ligament
gastroscopy
gastrosplenic ligament
gastrotomy
gastrum
gauze
gauze pad
general anesthesia
genital vessels
gentle traction
geratus fascia
gerd
gerotas fascia
going
gonadal vein
gonadal vessels
good plane
good position
good traction
grab
grabbing
graft
grasped
grasper
graspers
grasping
grasping forceps
gravity
gray area
green cartridge
guidance
haemoloc
haemoloclips
haemostasis
happen
harmonic scalpel
hartman's procedure
haut
helium
hematoma
hemorrhage
hemostasis
henle
hepatectomy
hepatic artery
hepatic branches
hepatic duct
hepatic flexure
hepatic hilum
hepatic pedicle
hepatic vein
hepatic veins
hepatoduodenal ligament
hepatotomy
hernia
hernia sac
herniated
herniation
hiatal hernia
hiatal orifice
hiatus
hilum
hook
hope
horizontal line
hypogastric nerve
hypogastric nerves
hypogastric plexus
hysterectomy
ideal
identifying
ileocecal junction
ileocecal valve
ileocolic artery
ileocolic vein
ileocolic vessels
ileostomy
ileum
iliac artery
iliac crest
iliac spine
iliac vein
iliac vessels
ilium
image
imagine
imaging
impair
improved
incarcerated
incarceration
incised
incising
incision
incisional hernia
incisora
increasing
induce
induced
infected
inferior edge
inferior epigastric vessels
inferior hypogastric plexus
inferior limit
inferior margin
inferior mesenteric artery
inferior mesenteric vein
inferior pedicle
inferior pole
inferior portion
inferior pulmonary vein
inferior surface
inferior thyroid artery
inferior vena cava
infiltrated
inflamed
inflammation
inflammatory process
inflammatory tissue
inflammatory tissues
inflated
infundibulum
inguinal canal
inguinal hernia
injected
injecting
injection
injure
injured
injuring
inner part
innervation
insert
inserted
inserting
insertion
inspected
inspection
instrumentation
insufflation
intercostal space
internal hernia
internal hernias
internal iliac artery
internal inguinal ring
internal ring
interrupted
intestine
intra-abdominal pressure
intracorporeal knot
intracorporeal knots
intraoperative cholangiography
intraoperative endoscopy
intraperitoneal
introduction site
inverted
irrigated
irrigation
ischemia
isolate
isolated
isthmus
j'essaie
jaw
jejunal loop
jejuno-jejunal anastomosis
jejunostomy
junction
juste
keep
keeping
kidney
knife
knot
knotted
l'incision
l'objectif
la dissection
la veine
laparoscope
laparoscopic cholecystectomy
laparoscopic control
laparoscopic procedure
laparoscopic surgery
laparoscopic view
laparoscopy
laparotomy
laryngeal nerve
laser
lateral abdominal wall
lateral approach
lateral aspect
lateral attachment
lateral attachments
lateral border
lateral dissection
lateral edge
lateral part
lateral side
lateral wall
latérale
lavage
leak
leak test
leakage
leaving
left arm
left border
left branch
left colic
left colic artery
left colon
left cross
left cruciate
left cruciate ligament
left crura
left crust
left flank
left gastric artery
left gastric vein
left gastric vessels
left hand
left hepatic artery
left hepatic lobe
left hepatic vein
left hippocondrium
left hypochondrium
left iliac fossa
left kidney
left liver
left liver lobe
left lobe
left mesocolon
left ovary
left part
left pleura
left renal vein
left transverse colon
left upper
left upper quadrant
left ureter
legs apart
leiomyoma
length
lengthening
lesion
lesser curvature
lesser curve
lesser momentum
lesser omentum
lesser sac
levator
lie
lifted
lifted up
lifting
ligament
ligashore device
ligate
ligated
ligation
ligature
ligature advance
ligature device
ligature vessel
linear stapler
linear stapler blue cartridge
lingular artery
lipoma
lithiasis
liver
liver bed
liver parenchyma
liver retraction
liver retractor
lobe
localized
locate
lock
looks good
loop
lost
lower edge
lower lobe
lower rectum
lumen
lunate
lung
lying
lymph node
lymph node dissection
lymph node resection
lymph nodes
lymphatic tissue
lymphatics
maintained
maintains
malignancy
man
manipulate
manipulation
manipulator
margin
marginal arteries
measured
measuring
mechanical stapler
medial approach
medial dissection
medial part
mediastinal dissection
mediastinal pleura
mediastinal structures
mental adhesions
mentum
mercury
mesenteric artery
mesenteric defect
mesenteric defects
mesenteric vein
mesenteric vessels
mesenterium
mesentery
mesh
meso
meso-appendix
mesocolon
mesorectal excision
mesorectum
mesosigmoid
metastasis
methylene blue
methylene blue test
meticulous dissection
mettre
mid-carpal joint
midclavicular line
middle colic artery
middle colic vessels
middle hepatic vein
middle line
middle lobe
middle part
midline
mieux
migrated
migration
millimeter trocar
minimize
mobilisation
mobilised
mobilization
mobilize
mobilized
modified
momentum
monofilament suture
monopolar cautery
monopolar energy
monopolar scissors
morcellation
morning
mosquito forceps
moved
moving
mri
mucosa
mucosal incision
mucosal layer
muscle
muscle layer
muscular fibers
muscular layer
myoma
mâchoire
nasogastric tube
necrosis
needle
needle holder
neobladder
nerve
neurovascular bundle
neurovascular bundles
ng tube
nice demonstration
nice dissection
nissan
niveau
no drain
no tension
nodule
non-absorbable suture
non-absorbable sutures
normal anatomy
normalemente
notice
nous allons
nous allons faire
nous avons
nous devons
nous faisons
nous pouvons voir
nous sommes
nous utilisons
nous voyons
oblique
obstruction
obturator nerve
occlusion
oesophageal hiatus
omentoplasty
omentum
oozing
open approach
open surgery
open technique
opened
opening
operate
operating
operating field
operating room
operative field
operative specimen
operative step
operative time
optical port
optical system
optical trocar
organ
orientate
orientation
orifice
orogastric tube
ouvrir
pain
palpation
pancreas
pancreatic body
pancreatic duct
pancreatic fistula
pancreatic gland
pancreatic head
pancreatic isthmus
pancreatic jejunostomy
pancreatic neck
pancreatic parenchyma
pancreatic stump
pancreatic tail
pancreatic tissue
pancreatitis
papilla
parametrium
pararectal fossa
pararectal space
parathyroid adenoma
paravesical fossa
parce que
parce que vous
parenchyma
parenchymal transection
parfait
parietal fascia
parietal fossa
parietal peritoneum
parietal wall
parietalization
part
pas
passage
passing
patch
patency
pathological examination
pathology
patient's legs
patient's right
peanut
pedicle
pelvic cavity
pelvic floor
pelvic side wall
pelvic wall
pelvis
penrose drain
perforate
perforated
perforation
performed
pericardium
perineum
peritoneal
peritoneal flap
peritoneal layer
peritoneal sac
peritoneum
peritonization
peterson space
peterson's defect
peterson's space
peu plus
peux
phrenic nerve
phrenogastric ligament
phrenosophageal ligament
phrenosophageal membrane
pilaris
place
placement
plane
planned
plastic bag
plastic drape
pleura
plexus
plexus trunk
plication
plug
pneumodissection
pneumoperitoneum
polyester
polyp
polypropylene
polypropylene mesh
polypropylene suture
polysorb
port
port site
portal pedicle
portal vein
positioning
posterior abdominal wall
posterior approach
posterior aspects
posterior attachments
posterior dissection
posterior gastric wall
posterior part
posterior plane
posterior running suture
posterior sheath
posterior vaginal wall
posterior vagus nerve
posterior wall
pouch
pre-sacral fascia
première
prendre
prepared
preperitoneal space
presacral fascia
presacral space
preservation
preserved
preserving
principale
principle
probe
proceeding
proche
progression
proline
promontorium
prone position
prostate
prosthesis
proximal colon
proximal jejunum
psoas muscle
pubis
puis
pulled
pulmonary artery
pulmonary vein
purple cartridge
purse string
push
pushing
put
pylorus
quand
questo
radiocarpal joint
radiotherapy
re-approximate
re-approximated
re-approximation
reconstruction
recreate
rectal stump
rectal wall
rectovaginal septum
rectovaginal space
rectum
rectus muscle
recurrence
recurrent nerve
reduced
reducing
reduction
reflection
reflux
release
released
removal
remove
removed
renal artery
renal hilum
renal pelvis
renal vein
repair
resected
resection
resection margins
reservoir
respected
respecting
restored
retract
retracted
retraction
retractor
retracts
retroesophageal
retroesophageal window
retrograde
retroperitoneal space
retroperitoneal structures
retroperitoneum
reverse trendelenburg position
revision
right angle
right border
right branch
right colon
right cross
right cruciate
right cruciate ligament
right crust
right flank
right gastric artery
right hand
right hepatic artery
right hepatic vein
right hypochondrium
right iliac fossa
right kidney
right liver
right lobe
right mesocolon
right part
right place
right portal vein
right position
right renal vein
right ureter
robotic arms
robotic instruments
robotic surgery
roll
rotate
rotation
round ligament
round ligaments
roux limb
running suture
rupture
sac
sacral ligament
sais
saline
saline solution
sampled
say
scalpel
scaphoid bone
scapholunate ligament
scar
scar tissue
scissor
scissors
scope
scrub
seal
sealer
sealing
sectioned
securing
segmental resection
seminal vesicle
seminal vesicles
sent
separated
separation
septum
seroma
seromuscular layer
serum
sharp dissection
shaver
shaving
sheath
sheet
short gastric vessel
short gastric vessels
short gastrics
short vessels
shortened
side-to-side anastomosis
sigmoid
sigmoid colon
sigmoid loop
sigmoid vessels
sigmoidectomy
silk
skeletonization
skeletonize
skeletonized
skin
skin incision
sleeve
sleeve gastrectomy
slide
sliding
sludge
small bleeding
small bowel
small bowel loop
small bowel loops
small branches
small incision
small veins
small vessels
smoke
snare
soft tissue
soft tissues
speaking
specimen
spermatic cord
spermatic vessels
sphenic flexure
sphincter
sphincterotomy
spillage
spine
spleen
splenectomy
splenic artery
splenic flexure
splenic hilum
splenic pedicle
splenic vein
splenic vessels
split
sponge
stabilize
stalk
standard fashion
staple
staple line
staple lines
stapled
stapled area
stapler
stapler line
stapling
stapling area
stapling device
stapling line
staying
steel
stenosis
stick
stitch
stoma
stomach
stomach wall
stone
stood
stricture
string
stump
submucosa
submucosal dissection
submucosal layer
suck
suction
suction cannula
suction device
superior mesenteric vein
superior pulmonary vein
superior rectal artery
superior rectal vessels
supine position
suppose
suprapubic
suprapubic incision
supérieure
surgeon
surgical field
surgical plane
surgical procedure
surgical specimen
surgical step
surrounded
surrounding
suspend
suspension
suture
suture line
suture material
suturing
swab
symphysis
synovitis
t-lift device
t-tube
tacker
take
talking
tape
tendon
tension-free anastomosis
tep
terminé
testis
thermal injury
thickened
think
think i
thoracic cavity
thoracic duct
thorax
thread
thymus
thyroid
thyroid gland
tie
tied
tighten
tilted
tissue
tissus
tme
tolt's fascia
touching
tourniquet
trachea
traction
transected
transection
transection line
transfixing
transsection
transversalis fascia
transverse colon
transverse column
transverse mesocolon
travers
treated
trendelenburg
trendelenburg position
tri-staple technology
triangular ligament
trite
trocar
trocars
trocha
trochars
trochas
trochers
trunk
tube
tumeur
tumor
tumour
tunnel
ulnar head
ultracision
ultrasonic device
ultrasonic dissection
ultrasonic dissection device
ultrasonic dissector
ultrasonic scalpel
ultrasonic scissors
ultrasonic shears
ultrasound
umbilical artery
umbilical incision
umbilical ligament
umbilical port
umbilical scar
umbilical tape
une fois
une incision
upper limit
upper lobe
upper pole
upper portion
upper rectum
urethra
uterine artery
uterine manipulator
uterine vessels
utero-sacral ligament
uterus
utiliser
v-lock
vaginal cuff
vaginal wall
vagus nerve
vagus strength
vagus string
vagus trunk
vais
vaisseau
valve
variation
vas deferens
vascular approach
vascular branches
vascular cartridge
vascular control
vascular dissection
vascular elements
vascular injury
vascular pedicle
vascular pedicles
vascular sheet
vascular stapler
vascular structures
vascular supply
vascularization
vascularized
vein
vena cava
venous branches
vers
vessel
vessel loop
vessel sealing
veux
vicryl
viscera
vision
visual control
visualisation
visualised
visualization
visualize
voila
voit
vous avez
vous devez
vous pouvez
voyez
wall
washed
water
white cartridge
white line
window
working ports
wound
wound protector
x-ray
xiphoid process
z-line
zone
clip applier
bladder neck
retrieval bag
suction instrument
laparoscopic grasper
denonviliers fascia
venous complex
prograsp forceps
ligasure
dissecting and grasping forceps
electric hook
gut
grasp
irrigate
pack
fluid
cystic pedicle
irrigator
bipolar
clipper
coagulate
dissect
abdominal wall cavity
specimen bag
shaft
clasper
wrist
kidney parenchyma
suturing needle
ultrasound probe
vaginal apex
hook dissector
gauze swab
robotic surgical instruments
umbilicus
dissection knife
electrosurgical tool
circular retractor
surgical gauze
suture anchor
electrocautery device
brain
advanced energy device
micro-instruments
console
duodenum
laparoscopic suction
neck tissue
adrenal gland area
inguinal region
fallopian tube
pelvic tissues
intestinal tract
vessel sealing device
vertebra
camera
ultrasonography probe
suction tube
surgical clip applier
robotic hook
thoracoscopic forceps
surgical lights
suction-irrigation device
s-port
retroperitoneal tissue
renal tissue
midcarpal joint
dissection tool
laparoscopic trocar
surgical forceps
thoracoscope
c-arm
rectosigmoid
small intestine
insufflation tubing
surrounding tissues
pelvic organs
cardia
robotic graspers
abdominal tissue
tubular instrument
surgical instruments
robotic scissor
rectal mucosa
microinstrument
vasculature
robotic console
perirenal fat
curved laparoscopic instrument
robotic cautery device
intestinal wall
pelvic connective tissue
endoscopic dissector
suture needle
pelvic tissue
laparoscopic cutter
electrosurgical instrument
s-port™ device
first carpometacarpal joint
laparoscopic stapler
robotic surgical instrument
ligasure v
suprarenal gland
specimen retrieval bag
headset
ligasure retractable l-hook
ligasure advance™
surgical bag
laparoscopic clip applier
irrigation tool
surgical drape
single port device
tissue grasper
surgical camera
laparoscopic shear
marking pen
rectal area
muscle fibers
endoscopic grasper
genitalia
argon plasma coagulation probe
internal retractor
pelvic structures
third ventricle
teo device
syringe
s-port™
cautery tool
metallic stent
flexible ureteroscope
endograb
hand
biliary duct
ulna
e.k. glove port
laparoscopic forceps
gastrointestinal tract
cutting instrument
coagulation tool
rudimentary uterine horn
laparoscopic needle
argon plasma coagulation device
x-ray machine
stomach area
surgical table
gastric band applicator
endometrial tissue
pelvic fascia
surgical console
bladder region
dissection instrument
gastric tumor
surgical light
teflon pledgets
distal ulnar head
curved instrument
accessory left hepatic artery
robotic needle driver
uterine horn
shear
jejunum
surrounding connective tissue
clivus
fibroid
laparoscopic bag
sonicision cordless ultrasonic dissection device
surgical grasper
suction tip
cautery hook
pulmonary left upper lobe
dorsal intercarpal ligament
fat
endoflip
median arcuate ligament
tfcc
ileocaecal region
surgical marker
curved instruments
ischiatic tuberosity
transversus abdominis muscle
endometrium
tissue forceps
ligasure advance
surgical retractor
nephroscope
laparoscopic electrocautery
electrocautery hook
surrounding adipose tissue
t-lift™ device
hartmann's pouch
tray
joint capsule
muscle tissue
vaginal vault
paraganglioma
visceral fat
anal region
endoscopic tool
curved endoscopic instrument
pelvic organ
robotic surgical arms
electrosurgical knife
pararectal region
cutting tool
ligature loop
surgical knife
dissection scissors
surgical instrument
surgical scissors
tissue dissector
right lower lobe
surgical tool
laser fiber
peritoneal fat
single port
ureter
abrader
gastric tissue
cauterizing tool
laparoscopic retractor
common bile duct
pelvic sidewall
robotic camera
triangular fibrocartilage complex
cutting device
flexible ureterorenoscope
gastrointestinal tissue
subcutaneous tissue
surgical suture
laparoscopic dissecting forceps
lung tissue
biliary cyst
hernia site
wrist joint
needle driver
ovarian cyst
overstitch™ endoscopic suturing system
hysteroscope
joint
distal esophagus
coeliac lymph node
surgical drapes
trocarless grasping forceps
laparoscopic dissecting scissors
fiber-optic bronchoscope
gloved hand
cauterizing instrument
thoracoscopic scissors
ligasure atlastm
sphincterotome
sellar region
endowrist one vessel sealer
adrenal region
surgical clamp
biliary system
distal interphalangeal joint
fluoroscopy machine
femoral canal
laparoscopic dissecting tool
sonicision ultrasonic dissection device
dormia basket
craniopharyngioma
uterosacral ligament
ligasure maryland jaw
suction irrigator
right upper lobe
ligasure device
cmc joint
surgical tools
suture instrument
chest cavity
rectosigmoid junction
colorectal region
endometriotic tissue
pleural cavity
surgical monitor
feeding tube
dip joint
laparoscopic probe
peritoneal tissue
robotic cutter
surgical tape
laparoscopic scissors
sonicision ultrasonic device
laparoscopic ports
laser probe
surgical retractors
electrocautery instrument
operating table
drape
laparoscopic camera
carpometacarpal joint
stent
gastroscope
rudimentary horn
hook electrode
lunate bone
para-aortic region
robotic scissors
marker
vascular tissue
dissectors
laparoscopic port
curved scissors
laparoscopic tool
thoracic grasper
bipolar electrocautery
prostate region
ruler
epiphrenic diverticulum
vaginal tissue
colonic mucosa
robotic surgical system
special device
aberrant left hepatic artery
thoracoscopic tool
right adrenal gland
endoscopic ultrasound
t’lift device
peritoneal cavity
gastrointestinal stromal tumor
posterior mediastinum
abdominal region
thumb
upper urinary tract
dissecting tool
cauterization tool
laparoscopic cutting tool
ligasure™ device
cutter
endoscopic camera
endometriosis tissue
scapholunate
laparoscopic dissector
laparoscopic scissor
bipolar dissector
flexible endoscope
scaphotriquetral ligament
pilonidal sinus
esophagogastric junction
tissue layers
inguinal lymph nodes
guidewire
microinstruments
camera port
laparoscopic clamp
robotic surgical arm
vesicourethral junction
laparoscopic tools
superior mesenteric artery
laparoscopic device
pheochromocytoma
left upper lobe
electrocautery knife
fallopian tubes
robotic system
thoracoscopic dissector
laparoscopic instrument
endoscopic instrument
left adrenal gland
absorbable tacker
telescope
speculum
laparoscopic needle driver
cadiere forceps
robotic scalpel
hernial sac
cautery
caecum
glove
laparoscopic cautery tool
rib
robotic dissector
bladder area
renal tumor
fenestrated bipolar forceps
urachal cyst
pelvic lymph nodes
teo platform
pelvic area
perirectal tissue
adnexa
laparoscopic hook
finger
abdominal area
clip applicator
internal iliac vessels
endoscopic scissors
common hepatic duct
thoracoscopic instrument
surgical robot
ligasure precise
dissecting scissors
colonic tissue
hemostat
omental fat
choledochal cyst
ultrasound device
suturing instrument
mesorectal tissue
extensor muscle
confocal microscope
surgical graspers
traction device
large intestine
celiac artery
tubing
mesenteric fat
suprarenal space
vascular structure
uterine cavity
bronchogenic cyst
transparent cap
maryland dissector
laparoscopic equipment
breast
rectovaginal area
duval clamp
suturing tool
suture device
nasal cavity
instrument
pen
injection needle
laser device
grasping tool
metal stent
surgical gown
meckel's diverticulum
rectosigmoid colon
v-loc suture
perinephric fat
robotic instrument
apollo overstitch
pleural space
robotic surgical tool
surgical clips
drainage tube
adnexal mass
colonoscope
abrasion tool
bipolar scissors
laparoscopic dissecting instrument
light source
surgical probe
robotic tool
adjacent tissue
mass
biliary ducts
surgical thread
robotic grasper
radiofrequency ablation probe
carpal
gallbladder region
maryland bipolar forceps
laparoscopic energy device
drill
anorectal region
electric cautery
barrx radiofrequency ablation system
sonicision cordless ultrasonic device
perineal region
prostate area
neck
suture needle holder
endoscopic clip
perineal area
sealing device
anus
rectal tissue
endoscopic instruments
surgical monitors
robotic cautery tool
female genitalia
rectal vessels
surgical stapler
wire
splenic cyst
surrounding tissue
curved shears
linea alba
suturing needle holder
robotic stapler
cautery device
suture passer
cauterizing device
surgical clip
robotic dissecting tool
surrounding fat tissue
urinary bladder
robotic needle holder
cautery instrument
surgical needle holder
surgical mesh
cap
puborectalis muscle
hiatal region
ovary
needlescopic grabber
overstitch endoscopic suturing system
endowrist® one vessel sealer
sils™ device
suction tool
cauterizer
uterine ligament
heart
endoscopic forceps
uncinate process
digestive tract
electrocautery probe
electrocautery tool
abdominal fat
robotic dissection tool
parathyroid glands
ampulla of vater
monitor
ligasure™
angled scope
suturing device
resection tool
anchor
pointer
karl storz
monopolar curved scissors
endoscopic graspers
pelvic nerves
biliary extraction balloon
measuring tape
teo™ platform
herniated tissue
adrenal gland region
laparoscopic graspers
surgical hook
gastric stump
robotic surgical tools
mediastinal tissue
suture thread
electrosurgical device
tissue retractor
mediastinum
right lung
surgical gloves
sacrum
umbilical region
surgical tray
band
colonic polyp
sympathetic nerve
coagulation device
parathyroid
surgical sponge
ureteroscope
esophagus
sacral promontory
glove port
abdominal tissues
greater omentum
urinary tract
robotic forceps
surgical glove
pelvic plexus
sonicision™ cordless ultrasonic dissection device
uterine tissue
laparoscopic needle holder
breast tissue
micro-instrument
pelvic lymph node
thyroid region
parathyroid gland
vessel sealer
guide wire
overstitch™ suturing system
chest wall
harmonic ace
laparoscopic cautery
surgical port
ligasure advance® device
bile ducts
thymoma
pelvic region
colorectal tissue
jamshidi needle
colorectum
surgical pen
dissecting instrument
appendix
thoracoscopic grasper
surgical trocar
vascular clamp
robotic cautery
sils device
vagina
blunt dissector
azygos vein
j-pouch
femoral region
carpal bones
grasping instrument
extraperitoneal space
endoscopic tools
surgical needle
middle sacral artery
ligasure™ maryland jaw
ureteropelvic junction
robotic trocar
laparoscopic instruments
surgical sutures
first cmc joint
morcellator
hook cautery
karl storz instrument
surrounding fatty tissue
ileocecal region
karl storz laparoscopic instrument
celiac region
rib cage
periampullary diverticulum
ligasure advance®
wireless ultrasound device
left lower lobe
scaphoid
surgical clamps
anorectal junction
scapholunate joint
eea stapler
intestinal tissue
suction/irrigation device
abdominal organ
ultrasound machine
robotic arm
balloon catheter
t’lift™ device
isthmocele
ligasure atlas
mesorectal fascia
fluoroscope
laparoscopic dissection tool
surgical dissector
endoscopic suturing device
choledochoscope
hepatic cyst